1. The Brick Sort
So the first thing that we need to do is to use brick sorting. first thing we need to set the sorted number false and now we use !sorted (not sorted). So if the numbers not sorted it will go loop. And then in while, we set the sorted to true so if the compiler check the code, there are no if condition and the number automatically sorted. Then we use for for the parameters to make the number sort. At first the number will start to check the odd and start with two numbers from the odd, and if the element in right side is smaller, it will start to swap  And then we use if again inside the for. the next for, it will sort from the even and it will check the element next to the element and then start to swap. After the sort, we just need to check if in odd and even elements have a same int or not. And then we just need to print it out.

2. Insertion Sort
First include the libray that we want to use, here we use struct with the name dragon which has the integer strength and bonus. After that we make a function as i did in insertion sort. First we need to sort the dragon from the smallest to the largest dragon, and then the next step is, when our dragon meet a smaller dragon then our dragon, the dragon will eat it (swap the element to the right side) then get bonus. and if our dragon meet a the larger dragon then our dragon just do break. And then, the lest step is to check if our dragon can eat all the dragons print YES and if not print NO.

3. Shell Sort
In this problem we use shell sort, because shell sort make this more easier, the step is simple, first we just need to check if the strength is larger then the first person and the power is less then the last person. Dont forget to sort all of the elements first, and if the all elements not same, and the elements not same with the first and the last element, its fullfilled condition and now we use counter ++, and then just print the result.
